Update README.md (#92)
freenas/documentation: README.md

directory, type

```bash
git clone https://github.com/freenas/documentation.git
```

in the CLI.

> > **Note**: To update your local copy with any changes that have been merged into master, run\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To update your current local branch with any changes that have been merged into the master branch, run\
```
